Add concepts page on service exposition (#398)
stackabletech/documentation: modules/concepts/pages/service-exposition.adoc

= Service exposition

> For some deployed products it's sufficient to be only accessible within the Kubernetes cluster, while others need to accessible from outside the Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For some deployed products it is sufficient to be only accessible within the Kubernetes cluster, while others need to be accessible from outside the Kubernetes cluster.
```

> This can e.g. be from you internal corporate network when running on bare metal, you internal network in your cloud provider or the Internet.

Author: Read the sentence 3 times and still didn't see it. Thanks!

As of the release 23.4 our operators create a Kubernetes `Service` object to expose the deployed product.

> For security reasons we default to the `ClusterIP` type, with the option to switch to a different type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For security reasons, the Services default to the `ClusterIP` type in order to avoid exposing anything to the public.
```

> You can specify the type to use using the field `spec.clusterConfig.listenerClass` by setting it to either

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify the type within the custom resource field `spec.clusterConfig.listenerClass` by setting it to either:
```

* `cluster-internal` => Use `ClusterIP` (default)
* `external-unstable` => Use `NodePort`
* `external-stable` => Use `LoadBalancer`

> Please note that as of the release 23.4 not every operator supports all the mentioned `Service` types.

Reviewer: This requires us to still document what is actually supported per operator?
```suggestion
Please note that as of the release 23.4 not all operators support all the mentioned `Service` types.
```

> In a future release we will support `ListenerClasses` provided by the xref:listener-operator:index.adoc[listener-operator] to make things more flexible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a future release, the `ListenerClass` provided by the xref:listener-operator:index.adoc[listener-operator] will be supported to make things more flexible.
```
